
General knowledge

TV and film
What TV show starts: "Here is a box, a musical box, wound up and ready to play. But this box can hide a secret inside. Can you guess what is in it today?"
Only Disney princess to have a tattoo? Pocahontas
What country did Big Brother originate in? Netherlands
In what year did the BBC make its first broadcast? 1922

Literature
What was the name of the gentleman's club of which Sherlock Holmes' brother Mycroft was a member?  Diogenes Club
In the Bible, what is the total number of chapters across the four gospels (+/- 2)? 89
What was HG Wells first book? Time traveller
When is Harry Potter's birthday? 31 July

Geography
What UK town gets it name from a book? Westward Ho!
The A1 is the longest A road in the UK, what is the second longest? Hint, two digits. A38
Name an English railway station with bilingual signs. There are six altogether, three in French, one each in Welsh, Punjabi and Latin. Bonus point if you get all six. St Pancras, Ashford, Ebbsfleet, Hereford, Southall, Wallsend.
What does AONB stand for on a map?

Science
Carbon 12 is the common isotope of carbon. Which isotope is used for radiocarbon dating? 14
Who is known as the Father of Geology for his attempts to formulate geological principles based on observations of rocks, in part during the construction of canals? James Hutton
What are the most intelligent invertebrats - the only invertebrates protected under the EU directive "on the protection of animals used for scientific purposes")? Cephalopod (octopus)
What is acetylsalicylic acid better known as? Aspirin

Sport
What football team are known as the Hornets?
Preston NE won the first ever football league in 1889, and the second, but not the third. Who did? (Hint: a current premier league team)
How many players in an ice hockey team (on the ice at one time)? 6
Who won this year's FA Women's Super League on a points-per-game basis after the season was ended prematurely? Chelsea





A A type of bomb that derives it destructive force from nuclear fission reaction
B In Phineus and Ferb, their sister Candice can play several musical instruments that begin with this letter
C A programming language developed in 1972, still one of the top five today
D A vitamin synthesised in the lower layers of skin epidermis in a process that depends on UV B exposure
E Most common letter in English
F An internet meme; to pay your respects (after a Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare quick-time event that requires you to press this key during the funeral of your recently-deceased friend)
G A type of clamp
H Prisoner: Cell Block ... what?
I First person subjective pronoun
J Last letter added to the alphabet (1633)
K Tommy Lee Jones' character in Men in Black
L The Roman numeral for 50
M A road with special restrictions is denoted by this letter followed by a 1 to 3 digit number
N The most abundant element in the atmosphere
O More words start with two of this letter than any other
P You should mind these... we well as your Qs
Q Least common letter
R The gas constant
S A type of bend you might find at the back of the toilet
T A junction when one road meets another, with one terminating at that point and the other not
U A 180 degree turn
V A TV SF series from 1983, remade in 2009-11
W The letter with the longest name
X The letter most commonly used to represent the unknown
Y Bombers with this designation were used at the Battle of Yavin
Z The name of this letter is different in the US


 
 
 
The Mother-in-law Quiz
In he stand UK version of Monopoly, what colour is Trafalgar Square? Red
What is the larest county in England? N. Yorks
What is the name of the volcano is SW Italy on the Bay of Naples? Vesuvius
What is the name of the politian in the French Revolution who was killed in his bath by Charlotte Corday? Jean-Paul Marat
Who was the UK prime minister at the end of WW2? Clement Attlee
In which US state is the Bill and Hillary Clinton Airport? Arkansas
Which Britsh arist was famous for his paintings of horses? Stubbs
What is the primary mineral source of uranium and radium? Pitchblende (uraninite)
Queen Elizabeth Land is an area of land names after Queen Elizabesh II in 2012 to mark her diamoind Jubilee. Where isd it? Antarctica
Which of the present states of the USA was an independent kingdon until 1897? Hawaii
What is the nasme of the large rock promontories on either side of the entrance to the Mediterranean? Pillars of Hercules
Which chemical element, discovered in 1817, was named after the Greek goddess of the moon? Selenium
How many days did it take the Mayflower to sail from england to New England? 66
What is a grison? Mammal (mustelid, like weasels, badgers, otters, from south and central america)
Actress Jane Wyman was which US president's wife? Ronald Reagan
Which flag features the Andean Condor? Ecuador (but is the national symbol of Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru)
What acid is contained in the venom of ants? Formic (methanoic)
Who was the only UK prime minister to be assassinated? Spencer Perceval
Who scored the first premiere league hat trick? Eric Cantona
What are the five boroughs of NY city? Manhattan, the Bronx, Queens, Staten Island, Brooklyn
 




